README.md, before:

# download_somthing_from_web

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)](LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![python3.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10-brightgreen)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/)

[![Flask2.2.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-2.2.3-orange)](https://github.com/pallets/flask)

This is a project that will help you download files from a url

## Table of Contents
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Install
Before you start to install this project, make sure that you have installed git in your computer.

use this command to get the source code to your computer:

```
git clone https://github.com/LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web.git
```

You will run this project with source code.
## Usage

### For  Windows
This project is based on [Python 3.10](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/). Before you start to install, make sure that you have already installed Python 3.10.

If you have already installed Python 3.10, you can run this project with:

>double click [start.bat](./start.bat)

or

>cd the project root folder, open a cmd and run: 
```
    ./start.bat
```
the start.bat script will build a venv in the root folder and install the required package with [requirements.txt](./requirements.txt).
Then it will start a web application 

<img src="./assets/start.png" />

copy the url: http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to a browser and enter.

<img src="./assets/running.png" />

then enter a url that you want to find resources in it, click scan and wait.

After returning a resources list, you can download which you want.

## Contributing
Thanks for your contribution to download_something_from_web !

<a href="https://github.com/LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).
## License

[MIT © Chenchou Yu.](LICENSE)

Commit message:

add macos or linux start script

README.md, after:

# download_somthing_from_web

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red)](LICENSE)
[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![python3.10](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10-brightgreen)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/)

[![Flask2.2.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-2.2.3-orange)](https://github.com/pallets/flask)

This is a project that will help you download files from a url

## Table of Contents
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Install
Before you start to install this project, make sure that you have installed [git](https://git-scm.com/download) in your computer.

use this command to get the source code to your computer:

```
git clone https://github.com/LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web.git
```

You will run this project with source code.
## Usage


(1) This project is based on [Python 3.10](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/). Before you start to install, make sure that you have already installed Python 3.10.

(2) If you have already installed Python 3.10, you can run this project with:

### For  Windows
>double click [start.bat](./start.bat)

or

>cd the project root folder, open a cmd and run: 
```
    ./start.bat
```
### For macos or linux
>cd the project root folder, open a terminal and run: 
```
    ./start.sh
```
the start script will build a venv in the root folder and install the required package with [requirements.txt](./requirements.txt).

(3)Then it will start a web application 

<img src="./assets/start.png" />

copy the url: http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to a browser and enter.

<img src="./assets/running.png" />

then enter a url that you want to find resources in it, click scan and wait.

After returning a resources list, you can download which you want.

## Contributing
Thanks for your contribution to download_something_from_web !

<a href="https://github.com/LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=LaplaceFourior/download_somthing_from_web" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).
## License

[MIT © Chenchou Yu.](LICENSE)
